C#: Models as Data Documentation (#15563)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-language-guides/codeql-for-csharp.rst

   basic-query-for-csharp-code
   codeql-library-for-csharp
   analyzing-data-flow-in-csharp
   customizing-library-models-for-csharp

-  :doc:`Basic query for C# code <basic-query-for-csharp-code>`: Learn to write and run a simple CodeQL query.

-  :doc:`CodeQL library for C# <codeql-library-for-csharp>`: When you're analyzing a C# program, you can make use of the large collection of classes in the CodeQL library for C#.

-  :doc:`Analyzing data flow in C# <analyzing-data-flow-in-csharp>`: You can use CodeQL to track the flow of data through a C# program to its use.

> -  :doc:`Customizing library models for C# <customizing-library-models-for-csharp>`: You can model frameworks and libraries that your code base depends on using data extensions and publish them as CodeQL model packs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  :doc:`Customizing library models for C# <customizing-library-models-for-csharp>`: You can model frameworks and libraries that your codebase depends on using data extensions and publish them as CodeQL model packs.
```

We're not consistent about this at all unfortunately but Microsoft prefers `codebase`
